OZPEX DOS DEVKIT
----------------

This disk contains an experimental development kit for the Ozpex 64 and Ozpex
DOS. Currently, it provides a hex monitor for debugging and an instant assembler
to help you try out subroutines.

MONITOR

This monitor is a port of the one normally included in ROM on an Ozpex 64,
modified to run from within Ozpex DOS.

This is an excerpt from the Ozpex 64 manual, explaining the monitor:

The machine monitor is a simple yet powerful tool for managing memory on an
Ozpex 64. The program keeps just one piece of state: your current memory
address, which is used as an argument by all the operations available, which
are:

- Writing: To write to memory, simply type out two hex characters and the byte
  will immediately be written into memory and your current address will be
  incremented so that your next write will come immediately after.

- Reading: To read from memory, use a > sign and type out a memory address. The
  monitor will then read and print out the values of every memory address
  between your current address and the second one you typed.

- Executing: Hitting an x will jump to your current address and run it as a
  subroutine, so the program that you run can return to the monitor using an rts
  instruction. Programs can also return by jumping directly to $fff8. To make
  starting programs easier, you can use the ! key to quickly start the program
  in slot 1, and the " key to start the program in slot 2.

- Moving: You can move directly to a new address for any of the above operations
  using the @ key, followed by a full hex memory address.

- Commenting: If you type a ;, characters afterward will be completely ignored
  until you press enter.

ASSEMBLER

This program is an instant-action assembler that immediately translates assembly
instructions to machine code and writes them into memory so you can quickly try
things out. This assembler is not complex or feature complete enough to provide
a complete develpment environment, so it is mainly designed to help you get to
grips with subroutines from the operating system before using them in your
programs.

This is an excerpt from the Ozpex 64 manual, explaining the assembler, with
some content removed to keep it relevant:

The Assembler makes it easier to enter programs into an Ozpex 64 by using
instruction mnemonics.

The assembler behaves similarly to the monitor, but with a few key differences:

- Input is buffered, so nothing actually happens until you press enter, unlike
  in the monitor. This makes it easier to correct mistakes.
- You cannot read or execute memory in the assembler, so you must hit ESC,
  and perform the operation from the monitor.

The assembler uses standard 6502 assembly syntax, so there are many sources
online that will help you learn the right syntax.